The **Neuronal Circuits and Behaviour Laboratory** is part of the Francis Crick Institute. We study how the organization of neuronal circuits in the brain supports the integration of sensory information and behavioural responses. Sensory information is detected by sensory organs, each operating on different timescales, to represent the statistical properties of the environment. This information is then combined in specific brain regions, giving rise to complex behaviours. In recent years, our lab has focused on understanding how local and long-range information transfer contributes to the integration of auditory and visual information. To study how sensory processing guides behavioural responses, we have developed novel behavioural paradigms that allow us to investigate how mice detect and orient towards targets of interest in both freely moving and head-fixed configurations. To understand how perception and motor planning are regulated by different neuromodulators, we are studying how the differential expression of specific receptors in excitatory and inhibitory cell types contributes to these processes. The lab addresses these questions through a combination of electrophysiological and imaging recordings, optogenetics and pharmacological perturbations, and viral-based circuit mapping approaches. Here you can find tools and analysis codes to reproduce the work from the lab.

For more information about the lab's members and projects please refer to: https://www.crick.ac.uk/research/labs/flor-iacaruso

For more information please contact Flor: florencia.iacaruso at crick dot ac dot uk
# 
